adaptorial "Adaptive."
hirudine "Of or pertaining to the leeches."
train "To draw along; to trail; to drag."
ectodermic "Of or relating to the ectoderm."
insolating "of Insolate"
hydrosulphate "Same as Hydrosulphurent."
praecommissure "A transverse commissure in the anterior part of the third ventricle of the brain; the anterior cerebral commissure."
arteries "of Artery"
androgynous "Alt. of Androgynal"
strontitic "Strontic."
plank-sheer "The course of plank laid horizontally over the timberheads of a vessel's frame."
eagle-eyed "Sharp-sighted as an eagle."
surculate "To purne; to trim."
quick-witted "Having ready wit"
certifier "One who certifies or assures."
milkily "In a milky manner."
sapphire "The color of the gem; bright blue."
naseberry "A tropical fruit. See Sapodilla."
spoutless "Having no spout."
temperateness "The quality or state of being temperate; moderateness; temperance."
mesocuneiform "Alt. of Mesocuniform"
aristocracy "Government by the best citizens."
dishabilitate "To disqualify."
memoir "Alt. of Memoirs"
abrogator "One who repeals by authority."
idealist "One who idealizes; one who forms picturesque fancies; one given to romantic expectations."
sawbelly "The alewife."
jawing "of Jaw"
apsides "See Apsis."
mannerliness "The quality or state of being mannerly; civility; complaisance."
solempne "Solemn; grand; stately; splendid; magnificent."
stingaree "Any sting ray. See under 6th Ray."
ayenward "Backward."
certificated "of Certificate"
speculating "of Speculate"
gaingiving "A misgiving."
sugarplum "A kind of candy or sweetneat made up in small balls or disks."
potter "One whose occupation is to make earthen vessels."
circumspectness "Vigilance in guarding against evil from every quarter; caution."
sarrasin "Alt. of Sarrasine"
anglian "Of or pertaining to the Angles."
tuscor "A tush of a horse."
temporally "In a temporal manner; secularly."
soberly "In a sober manner; temperately; cooly; calmly; gravely; seriously."
ctenoidean "Relating to the Ctenoidei."
belle-lettrist "One versed in belles-lettres."
kurdish "Of or pertaining to the Kurds."
irrelative "Not relative; without mutual relations; unconnected."
manipulatory "Of or pertaining to manipulation."
dairy "A dairy farm."